*  Create your first app
In this task you'll create an Android app using a project template provided by Android Studio.

1. Project templates
In Android Studio, a project template is an Android app that has all the necessary parts, but doesn't do much.
The purpose is to help you get started faster and save you some work. Some examples of templates in Android Studio are an app with a map, 
and an app with multiple screens.

2. Create an Empty Activity project
In these steps you'll create a new Android Studio project using the Empty Activity project template for your new app.

3. Start Android Studio (if it's not already open) by clicking the Android Studio icon 815d56ac706c78d4.png.
The Welcome to Android Studio window displays.

4. In the Welcome to Android Studio window, click + Start a new Android Studio project.
The Create New Project window opens with a list of templates provided by Android Studio.

5. Click the tabs at the top and scroll through the templates to get an idea of what you could do! There are templates for many different types of devices 
(such as phones, tablets, and watches), and different types of apps (apps with scrollable screens, apps with maps, and apps with fancy navigation).

6.At the top left of the window, click the Phone and Tablet tab.
In the top row, click the Empty Activity template to select it as the template for your project.

7.The Empty Activity template is the simplest template that can be used to create an app. It has a single screen and displays a simple "Hello World!" message.

8.At the bottom of the window, click Next. The Create New Project dialog opens.

9. configure as follows - 
Configure your project as follows:

Name - is the name of your app. In the box below Name, enter Happy Birthday as the name for your project.

Package name - is the name used by the Android system to uniquely identify your app.

Usually, this defaults to the name of your organization followed by the name of the app, all in lowercase (in this case "com.example.happybirthday").
Save location is the location where all the files related to your project are saved. 
Take a note of where that is on your computer, so you can find your files. You can leave the save location also as is for now.

Language defines which programming language you want to use for your project.
Make sure the Language is Kotlin.

Minimum SDK indicates the minimum version of Android that your app can run on. Select API 19: Android 4.4 (KitKat)from the dropdown list.

10. In the Create New Project window, make sure Use legacy android.support libraries is unchecked. Click the question mark if you want to know more about this.

11. Click Finish.

12. When you first open Android Studio, you'll see three windows:

(1) The Project window shows the files and folders of your project.

(2) The Editing window is for editing code.

(3) The What's New window shows news and useful tips.
